lemon oatmeal mask and sugar for
the mixed skin hello that greets you so
friend andrea exclusion today I want
talk to you about a very special topic for
we women and that has to do
with the appearance of our face
we always look for the best
creams tonics gels soaps or shampoo
but we never think about alternatives
We believe that the solutions
fast are the answer for our
let me tell you that many of these
creams cause the skin of our
face is increasingly mistreated and
old since they contain infinity of
chemicals that we do not know in their
whole plus its cost is highly
elevated so stop being
spending your money like a day and I
I was spending I discovered a mask
very effective with which I have returned the
natural beauty to my face if you wish
know it first you have to make a
commitment to yourself to get rid of
once and for all of all the products
chemicals that you have stored in
be in the room or in the bathroom
highly disciplined with this
mask that today I share in this
video since you will have to do it 3 times
per week
dedicating 15 to 20 minutes per day
since antiquity it is spoken of the
nutritional properties of oats
that they have for the skin added to the
Vein is also lemon because of its height
Vitamin content especially ac
and the one that are essential for the skin and
as a complement the brown sugar well
we will place a container
glass an ounce of ground oats and one
ounce of brown sugar let's stir
and finally we add the juice of a
Lemon will mix well and let's
clean our face with soap and water
then we apply the mask we leave it
act for 20 minutes and we remove
with plenty of cold water once removed
the mask we apply a very
thin almond oil el
almond oil is going to
provide hydration also goes to
protect our skin
the sun's rays
or not
in the leather to your skin trying your
helps pronounce naturally and very
effective friend today in this video I want
ask for three favors first click on
I like the button and if you have any
ask me to do it or some
comment put it down there and I with
I'll answer you as soon as possible
possible number 2 click on the button
subscribe so that every time I
post a new video you are the
first person to receive the new
information number 3 visit today my
web page masks dot maca 101
puntocom since there you will find
all the information that you need
to eliminate wrinkles so
natural and forever of your life only
you have to enter point masks
brand 101 dotcom